## Dataset 

The dataset collects information about 100k medicak appointments in Brazil and it is focused on the question of whether or not patients showed up for their appointment. there are 13 columns in the dataset and a 14th column of whether the patient showed up or not.

## Summary of Findings

It seems that Gender does not affect the probablity of showing up. the patients' age is right skewed. Teenagers are most likely not to show up for an appointment while Late Adults are most likely to show up. Male Late Adults are more likely to show up for an appointment than female Late Adults, while female Teenagers show up more often than male teenagers. Thursday is the day on which people show up the most, while Saturday is the day on which people show up the least. On Wednesday and Thursday Females show up more often than males, while on the other days males show up more often. Alcoholics show up more often on Friday, Wednesday and Saturday. Most of the patients who scheduled an appointment on the same day showed up. The patients who scheduled an appointmetn 3 days ahead were the most likely not to show up. The neighbourhoods of maximum and minimum probabilities for patients to show up are ILHA DO BOI and SANTOS DUMONT with probabilities 91.4% and 71.9% respectively. Patients who do not have scholarship show up more often. Patients who have hipertension show up more often. Patients who have diabetes show up more often. Alcoholism does not affect showin up or not. Patients who have 1 disabilities show up the most often, while patiens with 4 disabilities show up the least. Patients who received SMS show up less often than those who didn't. Additional research can be done by collecting data for other months or other neighbourhoods. More males iformation is required or some information about the ration of men and women in the source of the dataset
